Add HTTP(S) proxy username and password Setting (#3635)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_general-settings-information.adoc

| *Login page footer text* | | Text to be shown in the login-page footer.
| *HTTP(S) proxy* | | Set a proxy for outgoing HTTP(S) connections from the {Project} product.
System-wide proxies must be configured at the operating system level.

> | *HTTP(S) proxy username* | | Username to use to connect to HTTP(S) proxy server
> | *HTTP(S) proxy user password* | | HTTP(S) proxy user password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *HTTP(S) proxy username* | | Username for connecting to the HTTP(S) proxy server
| *HTTP(S) proxy user password* | | User password for connecting to the HTTP(S) proxy server
```

Author: Great, thanks!
